Hey boys I got the rule book for the campaign: [https://online.fliphtml5.com/xzazx/umaq/#p=1](https://online.fliphtml5.com/xzazx/umaq/#p=1 "https://online.fliphtml5.com/xzazx/umaq/#p=1") Setting is a little vague since I haven't ironed out all the details. Most importantly character's are super open ended. Savage Worlds supports just about any setting, character, or era you can think of. So any fantasy race, humans from cavemen to 1995, then humans from cyberpunk future to scifi, aliens, monsters, myths, ect. Only requirement is that they are interesting, and fit the plot hook. One day due to a strange/magical/unexpected scenario you are made to be unconscious, when you wake up you are in a building you don't recognize, in cuffs you don't recognize, and a suicide collar around your neck. You are out of your space and your time, and in a prison. They don't have to be heroes necessarily, but should have it within them to fight to save innumerable innocent lives if need. There's a ton of details in the book, but I'm mostly sending you the link if you want to look for inspiration or specific rules, no need to read everything. General idea of character creation goes like this: Attributes have child skills, skills are specific things you are good at like, climbing, shooting, acrobatics ect. Hinderances are bad things that let you improve your character elsewhere. Edges are the cool unique things your character has, also how magic works But tldr: think up a wacky character idea, and on Sunday we can set up chars and do a session 0-0.5 if everybody is down